1. Create a database for the model we built in the example. Create a SQL file that creates the tables and inserts sample data (the questions below will help you create the data). Write queries that demonstrate the following scenarios:

  a) Find a guest who exists in the database and has not booked a room.

    SELECT guests.first_name, guests.last_name
      FROM guests
      FULL OUTER JOIN bookings ON bookings.guest_id = guests.id
      WHERE bookings.guest_id IS NULL;

  b) Find bookings for a guest who has booked two rooms for the same dates.

  c) Find bookings for a guest who has booked one room several times on different dates.

  d) Count the number of unique guests who have booked the same room.


2. Design a data model for students and the classes they have taken. The model should include the students' grades for a given class.

  First, you need a Students table with columns for student_id(primary key), first_name, last_name. Other types could be stored and updated easily, such as address, phone number, major, outstanding_fees. Next, you would need a Classes table with columns for class_id, name, semester. Again, other types of data, such as instructor_name, prerequisite, pass_fail, could be added to this table.

  I think the best way to capture multiple classes and grades for each student is to use a join table or a separate table Enrollments with columns enrollment_id, student_id, class_id, and final_grade. This way student records can be created when enrolled and class records can be created when a type of class is initiated. Then, each semester, students can be enrolled in several courses through the Enrollments table.

  (See Student-Classes model.png for UML schema of data.)

3. Build a database for the students/classes data model. Create a SQL file that creates the tables and inserts sample data (the questions below will help you create the data). Write queries that demonstrate the following scenarios:

  a) Find all students who have taken a particular class.

  b) Count the number of each grade (using letter grades A-F) earned in a particular class.

  c) Find class names and the total number of students who have taken each class in the list.

  d) Find the class taken by the largest number of students.
